= Radiant Extension: Import Textpattern 

A rough and ready import script for converting a Textpattern site to Radiant. Based on the Mephisto import extension.

Instructions for use:

* 1) Setup a clean install of Radiant and freeze to the Edge version.
* 2) Install the comments extension 
* 3) Update your database.yml to include an entry for 'textpattern:' with details of your Textpattern database. 
* 4) IMPORTANT: make sure all your fieldnames are lowercase only! I know, it sucks, and I should find a way around this
* 5) rake radiant:extensions:import_textpattern:run    
  
== Requirements

* Radiant 0.6.7 or greater
* Comments extension (http://github.com/artofmission/radiant-comments)


== What does it do?

Copies all of your published Textpattern articles (section "Article") including comments into Radiant

== Please note
* The import module creates two page parts per article. The body part includes everything, while the intro part includes only the first paragraph. I did it this way because I needed this for one specific migration. Feel free to change/delete. It's in apps/models/textpattern_article.rb.


== Limitations

Quite a few. It's rough and ready! Feel free to extend and fork to your hearts content. 

* Only articles under Article are copied
* Doesn't copy over any layout / templates or any other view information
* Any other advanced features are also not supported.
* Tags are not supported yet (as there is no real unified to do them in TXP). You could build something based on the keywords
* the biggest limitation of them all: in a lot of cases the textpattern fieldnames include Uppercases (not all, but a few). ActiveRecord doesn't support this. The quick and dirty way to cope with this, is to change the fieldnames by hand in your mysqldump. If you know a better way, please fork and have fun.

= Contributing   

Feel free to build upon and submit patches / fork on Github.
